Table of Contents
unfoldingWord Project
Why
How
What
Discussion
unfoldingWord Project

This section explains:

Why the unfoldingWord project exists and why we do what we do
How we go about trying to accomplish that goal
What we do to meet that goal
There is also a translation roadmap that will help you navigate through the translation and checking process.


Why

Jesus commanded his disciples to make disciples of EVERY people group:

“Then Jesus came to them and said, 'All authority in heaven and on earth has been given to me. Therefore go and make disciples of all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father and of the Son and of the Holy Spirit, and teaching them to obey everything I have commanded you. And surely I am with you always, to the very end of the age.'” -Matthew 28:18-20 (NIV)

We have the promise that one day representatives from EVERY language will be in heaven:

“After this I looked, and there before me was a great multitude that no one could count, from every nation, tribe, people and language, standing before the throne and before the Lamb.” -Revelation 7:9 (NIV)

Having the WORD OF GOD in one's heart language is so important:

“So faith comes from hearing, and hearing through the word of Christ.” -Romans 10:17 (ESV)

Why do we do what we do?

The unfoldingWord project exists because every people group deserves to have the Word of God in their language. To this end we seek to make disciples of all nations by helping to provide unrestricted biblical content in every language of the world.


How

How do we accomplish our goal of unrestricted biblical content in every language?

The unfoldingWord Network - By partnering with other like-minded organizations
Statement of Faith - By working with people and organizations who have the same beliefs
Translation Guidelines - By using a common translation theory and practice
Open License - By releasing everything we create under an open license
Gateway Languages Strategy - By empowering local believers to translate from a language they know
What Needs To Be Translated - So only what is needed is translated

What

What do we do?

Open-licensed content - We create and make available for translation free and open biblical content
Open Bible Stories - a chronological mini-Bible comprising 50 key stories of the Bible, from Creation to Revelation, for evangelism and discipleship, in print, audio, and video
the Bible - the only inspired, inerrant, sufficient, authoritative Word of God made available under an open license for unrestricted translation, use, and distribution
Tools - We create translation, checking, and distribution tools (all of these tools are explained in more detail in the Technology Manual)
Door43 - an online translation platform where people can collaborate on translation and checking, also the content management system for unfoldingWord
translationStudio - a mobile app where translators can do offline translating
translationKeyboard - a mobile app where users can create custom keyboards for languages not supported by their mobile device
unfoldingWord app - a mobile app where checked unfoldingWord translations are published and distributed
Digital Publishing Engine - a system of pushing checked translations to the unfoldingWord website and app and creating print-ready documents of the content
Audio Recording - a list of recommendations for audio recording equipment, software, and recording procedures
Video Render Engine - an automatic video render system that takes audio recordings and merges them we video clips to create custom videos for certain projects
Helps - We create resources that assist and train translators and checkers
translationNotes - linguistic, cultural, and exegetical helps created for translators. They exist for Open Bible Stories and for the Bible.
Comprehension Questions - questions for each chunk of text that the translators and checkers can ask to help insure that the translation is being understood correctly. Available for Open Bible Stories and for the Bible.
Open Bible Encyclopedia - a list of important Biblical terms with a short explanation, cross references, and translation aids

Discussion

Jose Abenchuchan, 2015-08-22 21:56
I cannot help but want to shout “Praise the Lord for this wonderful website! I have just started to use this website and already seen so practically useful tools that will help us doing our translation work! How can we thank you … especially thank God!

I want to give you a brief introduction about myself and my work. My name is Jose Abenchuchan and I am a director of American Sign Language Version Bible working with Deaf Missions, Inc. www.deafmissions.com

And I am looking forward to working with you guys? Thank you again!

Jose

 
Enter your comment. Wiki syntax is allowed:

